hey you guys just a quick video I wanna
come in and show you guys some things I
got to make it easier for me to do my
nails yeah you know I just remember I
started off with one of these I had a
bigger one it broke down so I had
polishing everything in it but I went to
one more they got another one and yes
you guys they come in different colors
besides white I was happy to see this
one because you know I I don't know how
the issue with seeing and clutter so I
don't really want to see like this stuff
through the see-through drawers so in a
way got this color green black they had
like yellow drawers and black and they
had a coarser white I think you will see
$11.80 I'm gonna put all of my snail
stuff over there in here but my cousin
got some stones got a coupon in my email
so I always you know make sure that
you're signed up with Michaels 50% I for
one item so it's a good deal so this was
five dollars went to the dollar store
got some kind of rounds because I don't
know what it is it's my bad cotton balls
to get my nail polish off and stuff and
I still see nail polish I mean I still
see the kind I load my nails and adjust
the health so I remember I used to use
these so I wouldn't got some of these
got me do my own thing a paper Tyler I
would keep back here and some wanna keep
going back and forth it in the kitchen I
just got this from the down the tree was
on your dollar to put something in and I
would pop this it up my little acrylic
paints that I have I'm a put it copper
in there Dollar Tree you got some nail
glue I was wanting help sanitizer so for
your clients to you know clean their
hands and yours before you start
touching each other so a dollar got this
on the on Dollar General
I must see how it works because um you
guys I'm looking for a nail tape I found
one on ebay just like a simple manicure
table um and you know it has to light
attached to it I think I think I'm still
researching but Knox I'll try give me a
table I got this for now I you know I've
got that open I still have these two but
this one I can't I don't know I think
it's this pink layer
I can't see what I'm doing this one here
I have the clamp on something in it and
it's not convenient for me so I'm gonna
try this one I wish it was a little
taller but if I'm gonna try it out like
I said I don't like I'm I got to see
them and take it back I got me some more
nail liquid on again I need to really go
on eBay and get me pick out what kind of
liquid and said I'm going to buy I do
have some stuff coming from eBay a lot
of nail oil and stones and stuff so when
that stuff come the end I know
eBay they're probably February so I will
show you guys step out and a lot of you
know stones and nail stuff got some
latex gloves I also want to use for you
I'm doing other people nails for your
mess of your own
manicure that's what I've been doing so
I'm gonna start wearing gloves to keep
you know times removed from taking off
my own work Sally's I got me some base
coats on it's six dollars I think with
the quarters like five dollars or
something and this birthday because it's
a big one I got this is a Defen dishes
dishes from these are the dapping things
from Sally's they pay three dollars and
some change keep your receipt if you do
buy these because I bought one before
and I poured my acrylic liquid in it and
it was running everywhere it had a crack
in it or something so I mean that's what
these are for if I'm not mistaken for
you to put your acrylic in and put the
top back on one button I could say be
careful keep your receipt because adult
I took it that didn't have an issue with
it I think it was three dollars or
something yeah I think I thought one for
the acrylic and I got one that I'm gonna
be putting assets 100% acetone Ian just
hid my brushes in when I you know get
ready to clean them just got a couple
more facts I want to try out these won't
see it for 99 cents I want never try
them so I want to try em this got this
on the Dollar Tree just something put
something in and a put up here got this
paper form one more there was fourteen
dollars on this adjustable I my husband
measured it and it's um it's it's good
height
and I can't I get my tape I think of
regular etiquette table might be a
little bit higher but you know this is
like this would do for now and it's not
a waste of money because even though I'm
going to begin another table and this
can be used for something else outside
playing a course or whatever I don't
know so yeah and got that turn um that's
the most stuff on why more than stuff am
i doing a video on this separate it's
the fact to know the exercise field I
talked about there later and yeah that's
it just wanna show you guys my setup
made me put everything away because I
have some company from out of town when
he practice so let's see if I have time
for me to do their nails so yeah you
guys that's it and you know what I'm
gonna do a howl later on on some other
stuff that I do got some more nails
stuff snip nail stuff no like nay all
stickers and stuff but you know there
ain't it for me no way you got some I
never set up a now i holla